h3. Features

Pop is a static site builder for Node, optimised for blogs; based on "Jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll.

* Designed to be a workhorse for large production blogs
* Useful built-in helpers: hNews post generation, pagination, tags
* Extend using your own helpers and pre-filters

h3. Installation

<pre>
npm install -g pop
</pre>

Global is preferred.  If you want to use <code>pop server</code>, you'll need to install Express too.

h3. Influences

"Jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll was a huge influence, particularly because I've written hundreds of posts for that platform.

I've also been researching other static site generators.

* "jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll
* "mksite":https://github.com/cosmonaut/mksite
* "hyde":http://hyde.github.com/

h3. TO-DO

* auto-regenerate styles
* Option to make built-in atom feed summarise posts
* A simple site should be able to be generated without a config file using defaults
* Useful/simple default site style to get people started
* More post truncation helpers
* Make it accept a command line param for a single file to generate, with an option to watch for changes (i.e., regenerate latest post + index.jade)
* Make prettyprint css built in? alternate pretty print tags? (I use the liquid tags because all the DailyJS posts use that)
* rss helper
* nib (to make it easier to share styles?)
* Mock filesystem for tests so I don't need to write to /tmp
* Shared logging so I can turn it off during tests
* Make template language configurable, default to jade
* If enough people get confused about manually installing Express, I'll make it a dependency for the optional dev server mode

h3. Documentation TO-DO

* User filters: replace all text, useful for custom filtering
* User helpers: passed to Jade, get `site` as `this`
* Post meta data: in particular "summaries" (which work with markdown/textile/helpers)
* Document use as modules
* Config file
* Built-in templates
* Helpers
* hNews
* Jade/Stylus

